We've just created our model remember a function that gives us the desired output.
And right now we want to improve on our model.
So how can we do that.
Well there's a few things right.
If you remember all we've done is split our data into test and train.
But one of the things we can do as a machine learning engineer is decide how much data to give it to
train.
For example if I decided that I want to 80 percent of the data to be the test data and only 20 percent
to be the shape or the train data that is the model will have less data to learn from.
If I hit run here and then let's run the rest of the blocks and then finally this one you see that my
accuracy went down because I'm testing less data.
That's not very good is it.
But what if we just give it less data to test what happens then if I click run on all of these and run
here I get a 100 percent accuracy.
Does that mean that this is the best option well not really.
Right.
Because what happens now is that our test size is super super small.
We only have 15 inputs that we're testing.
And yeah we got 100 percent because we're learning from one hundred thirty five data entries.
But because our test data is so small although we got 15 out of 15 we can't be certain that our model
is that accurate because well we only tested it 15 times.
So this is a tradeoff of how much data do you want to training with and how much data do you want to
test with.
And that's why companies really value data.
The more data we have the more we can train our models OK.
What else can we do to improve this well.
Another thing we can do is with the parameters in here of the K nearest neighbors classifier is to perhaps
do four.
If I hit run here and run again.
All right.
Are accuracy is a little bit lower now because we're only testing for three types three classes.
Ideally we match that with our nearest neighbours instead if I do for what it actually does if we go
to our nearest neighbors classifier it's creating four segments for us to evaluate when instead we only
need the three Iris FA types so let's keep that to three.
What other things can we do.
Well another thing if we can collect more data is to perhaps have more columns or parameters these are
sometimes called features and the more features that a machine has to look at the more information it
can have.
That doesn't mean that the more features the better.
But it does mean that maybe if there was a another feature that we can look at for the flowers there's
a better model that we can build to predict what type it is.
So that's another way to improve it.
Finally the most interesting part is the actual algorithm that we use in this case we used K Nabors
classifier which I just told you that we're gonna use but we can use any type of algorithm we want if
we go to the psychic learn library.
There's different things that we can do.
For example we can do a decision tree if we want to and use a decision tree classifier.
So how can we do that.
Well I simply import something different.
I can import the decision tree classifier and instead of the K neighbors classifier we now use the decision
tree classifier which we don't need to give it any parameters.
And if I now run this groups I have to change this to tree.
So if I run this and we run our accuracy test all right.
I get nine point three three pretty much the same as we had before.
And if we change this to 50 let's run this one more time
point nine two.
But if you remember when we had the neighbors classifier with the same parameters of test size of point
two are accuracy was actually better this time around we got 100 percent accuracy and you'll notice
that this constantly shifts as we train our model.
Sometimes it gets it right sometimes it doesn't because it's constantly learning but you see that the
accuracy with the K neighbors classifier is a little bit better so this way we are able to improve our
model so that we can now perhaps try these steps all over again until our model is perfect enough or
at least close to perfect enough for us to make business decisions.
Very very cool right.
Let's do a few more things in the next video.